How does a penguin build it’s house? Igloos it together.

What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.

My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.

I used to work for a soft drink can crusher. It was soda pressing.

I am terrified of elevators. I’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.

What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.

Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.

I really want to buy one of those supermarket checkout dividers, but the cashier keeps putting it back.

I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger, then it hit me.

How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.

What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!

Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.

What do you call a gorilla wearing headphones? Anything you'd like, it can't hear you.

How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?

What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.

When will the little snake arrive? I don't know but he won't be long...

Don't tell secrets in corn fields. Too many ears around.

I just got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.

Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.

What did the hat say to the scarf?
You can hang around. I'll just go on ahead.


What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.

It's only a murder of crows if there's probable caws.

A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.

Archaeology really is a career in ruins.

What do you call a beehive without the b's? An eehive.

Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? Lack of concentration.

A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.

How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.

